Fix awkward sentence in signal docs (#91508)
python/cpython: Doc/library/signal.rst

    if __name__ == '__main__':
        main()

Do not set :const:`SIGPIPE`'s disposition to :const:`SIG_DFL` in

> order to avoid :exc:`BrokenPipeError`.  Doing that causes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
order to avoid :exc:`BrokenPipeError`.  Doing that would cause
```

> order to avoid :exc:`BrokenPipeError`.  Doing that would also
> cause your program to exit unexpectedly whenever any socket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
order to avoid :exc:`BrokenPipeError`.  Doing that causes
your program to exit unexpectedly whenever any socket
```
More concise wording

Author: Ack, sorry for the delayed response. This doesn't quite feel right since I feel like this should be in the future tense? Maybe just remove "also", though I don't care _that_ much and don't want to kill a bunch of time bikeshedding.

Reviewer: Sure, let's change it back to "would cause" and then I'll merge it
